README.md, before:

LeetCode
========
Leetcode problems solved in JavaScript by [dancastillo](https://leetcode.com/dancastillo)


| # | Title | Solution | Difficulty |
|---| ----- | -------- | ---------- |
|1|[Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/)| [JavaScript](./problems/twoSum.js)|Easy|
|2|[Add Two Numbers](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-numbers/)| [JavaScript](./problems/addTwoNumbers.js)|Medium|
|3|[Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-substring-without-repeating-characters/)|[JavaScript](.problems/longestSubstringWithoutRepeatingCharacters.js)|Medium|
|27|[Remove Element](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-element/)|[JavaScript](./problems/removeElement.js)|Easy|
|28|[Implement strStr()](https://leetcode.com/problems/implement-strstr/)|[JavaScript](./problems/strStr.js)|Easy|
|21|[Merge Two Sorted Lists](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-two-sorted-lists//)|[JavaScript](./problems/mergeTwoSortedLists.js)|Easy|
|35|[Search Insert Position](https://leetcode.com/problems/search-insert-position/)|[JavaScript](./problems/searchInsert.js)|Easy|
|46|[Permutations](https://leetcode.com/problems/permutations/)|[JavaScript](./problems/permutations.js)|Medium|
|52|[Maximum Subarray](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-subarray/)|[JavaScript](./problems/maximumSubarray.js)|Easy|
|58|[Length of Last Word](https://leetcode.com/problems/length-of-last-word/)|[JavaScript](./problems/lengthOfLastWord.js)|Easy|
|66|[Plus One](https://leetcode.com/problems/plus-one/)|[JavaScript](./problems/plusOne.js)|Easy|
|70|[Climbing Stairs](https://leetcode.com/problems/climbing-stairs/)|[JavaScript](./problems/climbingStairs.js)|Easy|

Commit message:

added solution for Remove Nth Node From End of List problem

README.md, after:

LeetCode
========
Leetcode problems solved in JavaScript by [dancastillo](https://leetcode.com/dancastillo)


| # | Title | Solution | Difficulty |
|---| ----- | -------- | ---------- |
|1|[Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/)| [JavaScript](./problems/twoSum.js)|Easy|
|2|[Add Two Numbers](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-numbers/)| [JavaScript](./problems/addTwoNumbers.js)|Medium|
|3|[Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-substring-without-repeating-characters/)|[JavaScript](.problems/longestSubstringWithoutRepeatingCharacters.js)|Medium|
|19|[Remove Nth Node From End of List](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list/)|[JavaScript](.problems/removeNthNodeFromEndOfList.js)|Medium|
|27|[Remove Element](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-element/)|[JavaScript](./problems/removeElement.js)|Easy|
|28|[Implement strStr()](https://leetcode.com/problems/implement-strstr/)|[JavaScript](./problems/strStr.js)|Easy|
|21|[Merge Two Sorted Lists](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-two-sorted-lists//)|[JavaScript](./problems/mergeTwoSortedLists.js)|Easy|
|35|[Search Insert Position](https://leetcode.com/problems/search-insert-position/)|[JavaScript](./problems/searchInsert.js)|Easy|
|46|[Permutations](https://leetcode.com/problems/permutations/)|[JavaScript](./problems/permutations.js)|Medium|
|52|[Maximum Subarray](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-subarray/)|[JavaScript](./problems/maximumSubarray.js)|Easy|
|58|[Length of Last Word](https://leetcode.com/problems/length-of-last-word/)|[JavaScript](./problems/lengthOfLastWord.js)|Easy|
|66|[Plus One](https://leetcode.com/problems/plus-one/)|[JavaScript](./problems/plusOne.js)|Easy|
|70|[Climbing Stairs](https://leetcode.com/problems/climbing-stairs/)|[JavaScript](./problems/climbingStairs.js)|Easy|
